hi my name is Katie Dawkins and I am a
synchronized swimmer attempting to
qualify for the London 2012 Olympic
Games I am very grateful to dick love it
for their support and I am thrilled to
be a dick lovett London 2012 hopeful
it's tough trying to qualify for a place
at the Olympic Games and it's a huge
help knowing that dick love is behind me
helping to raise funds and awareness of
my sport it's also fantastic having a
brand new BMW from now on to the end of
2012 games there's a lot of traveling to
training competitions and promotional
events so it's great being able to drive
there in style please keep checking this
blog for updates from it from me on my
progress to London 2012